[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
I'm George Noory.
And what a program we
have in store for you.
A special person who I
have admired for years,
his name's Billy Carson.
And Billy, of
course, has appeared
on other Gaia programs.
You've seen him before talking
about some incredible things
about ancient civilizations,
ancient technology, and things
that have been going on.
Billy, welcome to the program.
>>BILLY CARSON:
Thanks for having me.
I'm glad to be back.
>>NOORY: And your new
book, which is just out,
is called what?
>>CARSON: Compendium
of The Emerald Tablets.
>>NOORY: That's fantastic.
Now, how did you research
things like this?
>>CARSON: Well,
you know, I started
looking into the
Sumerian tablets
when I started looking at
some of the images from Mars
and other planets
in our solar system
by NASA and the
European Space Agency.
And I started thinking,
these look like remnants
of an ancient civilization.
So when I started
going on Google,
I started noticing that there
were tablets out there that
talked about these types
of ancient civilizations.
So that's kind of
how I really got
into learning about
Zecharia Sitchin and some
of the other ancient books
that had been written
about these ancient tablets.
So then I went
directly to the source
and started looking
at the tablets
myself to see what they said.
I wanted my own
understanding of them.
>>NOORY: As you were looking
at these, let's say online,
did it just pop
right out at you?
>>CARSON: Well, no.
Thankfully to the UCLA,
they have an online library
called the UCLA cdli
cuneiform library.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CARSON: And it allows you
to take stone tablets off
the virtual shelf and drop
them into a translator--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CARSON: And read
them for yourself.
>>NOORY: Technology at its best.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Would civilizations
be in shock today knowing
everything you know
about past civilizations?
>>CARSON: I think there would
be an initial shock factor.
But I believe that because
we're very resilient people
I believe that people would
initially be in shock and then
eventually come into
understanding that this
is what really happened.
Especially if they
can really grasp,
understand it, and verify
a lot of information
for themselves, which is why
I try to put a lot of content
out there so that I can create
more researchers of people
looking into this on their
own so they can come up
with their own conclusions.
And then they begin to feel
more comfortable about the truth
about the ancient past.
>>NOORY: And Billy,
what have you concluded?
Have you concluded that
past civilizations were just
very high in technology?
Maybe were much older
than people think?
Or that we had visitations
from extraterrestrials
and they kind of
contributed to us?
>>CARSON: I think it's a
combination of both, George.
I believe that we did
have some visitations
in the ancient past--
I'm talking with
deep antiquity that
did genetically modified
some of the existing
hominids on this planet.
But I also even believe
that further back
before that initial visitation
by the Anunnaki beings,
that we may have already
risen to a higher
level of civilization with
prior people on this planet that
could be our initial progenitors
or our cousins, so to speak.
And then those civilizations
have risen and fallen.
Kind of like what the
Mayans talk about that
there have been four worlds
and we're living in the fifth.
Each civilization according
to some of the Indian Vedas
seems to rise and then
reach a certain level,
and then fall again.
And I think the Anunnaki
came during a time
where we had already
fallen and it kind of
re-kickstarted our civilization
by genetically modifying us
and also adding some additional
technology to this planet.
>>NOORY: Billy,
recently scientists
have just discovered a 10,000
year-old series of sketches
and etchings on rock
in India, which depict
UFOs and extraterrestrials.
You can tell them,
as looking at these
like alien greys with the
big heads and the big guys
and little saucers in the
background-- flying saucers.
Who would make that up 10,000
years ago unless they actually
saw it?
>>CARSON: You know, that's
a good point you bring up.
I think people
need to understand
that in those ancient times
when people were just starting
to do writing and art,
they didn't have time
to do things for fun.
Back then everything
was micromanaged.
Everything had a purpose.
And even the cuneiform
tablets, they're
writing on these tablets.
Everything was done with a
specific purpose and intent.
And I don't think that people
were just sitting around going,
let me draw some of
these funny shaped UFOs
and some gray aliens.
I mean, they really
drew what they seen
and what they've learned.
And I do believe that when you
see these ancient depictions
of craft and aliens and
so forth, like there's
one in Australia
also, this partially
uncovered Egyptian temple
in Kariong, Australia that
has a mother ship UFO with
little tiny UFOs coming out
of it.
>>NOORY: Truly amazing.
>>CARSON: And it's an incredible
thing all in hieroglyphs.
And I mean when you
see these things,
you have to say to
yourself, why would somebody
take the time to make
this up in ancient times?
I think back then
everything was so crucial--
just surviving was crucial.
To make things like this
up didn't seem realistic.
I think they really
drew what they saw.
>>NOORY: Billy, what
is the Enuma Elish?
>>CARSON: The Enuma
Elish are seven tablets
of cuneiform writing that
date back over 7,000 years.
And they're located
at the British Museum.
These cuneiform
tablets actually talk
about the creation
of our solar system
as we know it right now,
including how Earth was created
and how we acquired our moon.
It's an amazing story.
And it kind of is
hard to understand
for the average person
who starts reading it
because it almost
sounds like it's
people battling in the sky.
But when you really break
it down and understand it,
it's the epic of the creation
of our solar system itself.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
It's almost biblical, isn't it?
>>CARSON: Yes, absolutely.
And matter of fact, the Bible
copied a lot of the content
from the Enuma
Elish into Genesis.
>>NOORY: At the
British Museum, there's
a fellow called Irving Finkel.
And he talks a
little about this.
>>IRVING FINKEL: Because
the Cyrus Cylinder
that was meant for a
Babylonian audience,
it was written in the
Babylonian language, which
is a Semitic tongue related to
the modern languages of Hebrew,
and Arabic, and Aramaic.
The writing system, which
Cyrus officials used,
was the traditional
cuneiform script,
which had been invented
in ancient Iraq
well before 3,000 BC.
It is written by pressing
a stylus, something a bit
like a chopstick, into the
surface of the clay, which
is nearly dry.
And the signs, which convey
the sound of the language,
consist of different
arrangements of these strokes.
They're written one by one.
And the reader has
to join them up,
and the sound emerges
from the clay.
>>NOORY: Billy, how in the
world do they interpret that?
>>CARSON: It's so amazing.
>>NOORY: It really is.
>>CARSON: You know,
the thing that's
so beautiful about
it is at the time,
many people were copying
this Sumerian language
over into their own languages.
So we had kind of a key to
understand what this Sumerian
text was saying.
Luckily, the Sumerians almost
seem to have branched out
and kickstarted so
many civilizations
outside of themselves.
And because of that, everybody
translating from the Sumerian
into their own
languages gave us a key
to understand what those
cuneiform texts were saying.
>>NOORY: Has the late
Zecharia Sitchin, who wrote--
his book's called
the 12th Planet--
has he investigated those?
>>CARSON: Absolutely,
he has investigated
the Seven Tablets of
Creation and the Enuma Elish.
And he has written about
them and added them
into his books almost
virtually word for word.
And I'm glad you
bring up Sitchin,
because so many people
have tried to put him down
at the end of his career.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>CARSON: But in my
personal opinion,
he was one of the
greatest researchers
in the history of this planet.
And his work, to me,
was second to none.
Now that I've looked into other
authors that have translated
these texts, and I myself
have now gone and translated
these text, especially
the Enuma Elish,
I come to the understanding
that all of the stories
are fundamentally the same with
a couple of different things
here and there.
>>NOORY: And what
is that conclusion?
Tell us what you think
happened many years ago?
>>CARSON: The conclusion that
I personally have come to
is that there were
advanced beings that
are our progenitors that came
to this planet in ancient times
to strip mine this
planet for resources.
But not only Earth, the moon,
Mars, and a couple of the moons
of Jupiter as well.
And they came to
get these resources.
And during that time
frame, they lived here
and mined this planet themselves
for about 250,000 years.
And then at one point,
the working class
became very agitated
from the workload
and decided that they were going
to revolt against the leaders,
which were Enki and Enlil.
And at that time,
a decision was made
to create a slave
worker, which would
be what we are homo sapien
from an existing hominid.
They didn't literally create
a human being from dust,
but they took--
>>NOORY: Something was
already on the planet?
>>CARSON: Something was
already on the planet.
And they took that
something, that hominid,
and they took an egg
out of one, cleaned up
the genetic material, put
the Anunnaki genetic material
inside of it, embedded into
the womb of one of the Anunnaki
women.
And she took it to full term
and gave birth 10 months
later to the Adamu,
or the first man.
>>NOORY: Sounds
like Adam and Eve.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: So a lot of this
correlates with the Bible
as well, doesn't it?
>>CARSON: It does.
I mean, literally the
Bible and the Torah
almost took a lot of these
verses out of the Sumerian
tablets almost word for word.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
Now, let's go back to Sitchin's
work a little bit, if we can,
Billy.
>>CARSON: Sure.
>>NOORY: And tell us
about the Anunnaki.
That is the name given
to a race of beings
from another planet, right?
Nibiru was the planet they call?
>>CARSON: Yes, Nibiru
was the planet.
Now depending on
who was translating
or who have looked
at the tablets,
they could be from Sirius.
There could be no
more from Sirius.
They could be from this
planet called the Nibiru.
Some people think they
may be from the Orion.
However, either way you
look at it everybody
comes to the same
conclusion that beings--
that we look like them--
came here to this planet.
And Sitchin came up with
the same conclusion.
Primarily, I think he came
up with that conclusion
from these tablets because
these tablets actually
mention Nibiru,
they mention Marduk,
they mention who
was the of Enki,
and who basically is now
the current ruler supposedly
of this realm until the
next age of Aquarius
really comes in in 2025.
And it also mentions Enlil
and many other people.
And it talks about the
planet of the crossing.
It talks about genetic
manipulation of the existing
harmony on this planet.
It talks about all of that
in these seven tablets.
So his story is
fundamentally based
on something that had already
been established and written
about since the 1800s.
It wasn't something
that he made up.
>>NOORY: Now, this
person that you
have mentioned several
times, Enki, who was he?
>>CARSON: Enki was a son of Anu.
Anu was the main king
or the main leaders--
>>NOORY: Who came here?
>>CARSON: Who came here.
He came here a little bit
after his sons arrived.
They call him the Heroes of O.
>>NOORY: The sons
got here first?
>>CARSON: Right.
Enki and Enlil.
Now Enki, his actually
name is Ea Enki.
So Ea, the first two letters
Ea, and Ki was Earth.
So he became the King of
Earth even though his brother
and Enlil ran everything.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CARSON: He had a
higher rank than Enlil,
but something happened,
which it's not clear
exactly how it happened, but
his brother Enlil superseded him
at some point and gained
complete control of the planet,
even though the planet
was named after Ea Enki.
>>NOORY: And they
had the ability
to breathe our atmosphere,
our air, and everything else?
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
They come from a planet that's
most likely very similar makeup
to Earth.
>>NOORY: OK.
So we could live on that planet?
>>CARSON: We could live
on that planet, exactly.
And first I thought that
might have been outlandish,
until I started
researching Mercury,
which is a planet in our solar
system very close to the sun.
But now that I've discovered
that Mercury rotates very
slow in its axis, contains
billions of tons of water,
and also has biological
material on it.
And this comes from the
Mercury Messenger Mission
that just came back last year.
So now you look at
the gases at Mercury
and you start to realize it's
got more oxygen than Earth.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CARSON: And it's got all
of the gases needed for us
to actually breathe on Mercury.
So imagine if we
could land on Mercury.
We could probably pop our
cap and take a deep breath.
>>NOORY: If it just wasn't
so close to the sun, right?
>>CARSON: Exactly.
Well, the thing about
it is because it's
rotating so slow on
its axis, it actually
has a lot of areas
closer to the polls
that are very habitable
now NASA says.
And so now they're
planning missions there,
because there's areas
where like I said,
billions of tons of organic
material and ice water,
and even some liquid water
on the planet's surface.
It's located in a region
where it's sustainable.
So it's very interesting.
So when I saw that I said, you
know what, it's possible now
on my mind for another being
to come here from a planet that
could have very similar gases.
Maybe they have a little
bit more krypton and carbon,
or maybe they have a little
bit more oxygen or less oxygen.
But overall, they were able
to sustain and breathe here.
>>NOORY: And we already
have the instruments here
on this planet to decipher
what kind of elements
are on other planets
a long, long way away.
And we're able to say that
they may have this atmosphere,
they may have this,
they might have water.
I'm sure the Anunnaki had
more sophisticated equipment.
They were able to pinpoint
planet Earth immediately
and say this planet
has everything we
need to do what we need to do.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
They called them the
Tablets of Destiny.
And on this tablet
of destiny, they
called them crystal screens.
Well, kind of like in my mind
I think like an iPad in a way.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CARSON: But on the screen,
the first person, Anu,
who scanned the Earth saw based
on the light, the information
from the light of
the planet, you
can get information
like the spectrometer.
You can get the oxygen levels,
everything you just said.
You can get what's in the
atmosphere and everything
else-- the temperatures.
And also, they found
the gold as well
before they even arrived here.
So you're right, the
technology will allow somebody
to scan a planet.
And now we can scan planets
30, 40, 50 million light years
away and analyze the light
coming from that planet
and break it down to tell
you exactly what chemicals
exist there.
>>NOORY: Does any of this
negate Genesis or the Bible?
Or does it augment it?
>>CARSON: It
actually augments it.
It gives it a much bigger view.
In other words, the Bible,
the Koran, the Torah,
all of these books, they mention
Marduk and all these people
believe or not.
However, in a very short
small version of the story.
If you look at the
Epic of Gilgamesh
and the Seven
Tablets Of Creation,
you get the big story.
You get a much bigger
epic versus the Bible.
The Bible taking small parts
of it-- somebody-- over time
many, many hundreds of
years after the people
that you're talking
about, sometimes even
thousands of years are
already gone and passed away.
I think a lot of people
confuse the Bible
with being written in
real-time as events happen.
But in true reality, the Bible
was written hundreds of years
after events happened.
So you're looking at
something that's basically
just copied information
from much more ancient texts
and slightly modified with over
8,000 bad translations just
in the modern King
James version alone.
>>NOORY: But it does
not negate the existence
of a god, does it?
>>CARSON: It doesn't negate
the existence of a god.
I think people get
that confused a lot.
They think if we talk about
Anunnaki and beings come here
and everything else that
you're trying to say god
doesn't exist.
I personally believe that
God does exist in my opinion,
just because of quantum physics.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CARSON: Because
quantum physics
proves that there is a
creator of this realm.
Everything has a
specific design,
and mathematically,
you can calculate it.
So I believe that
there is a creator.
But what happens
is in the Bible,
I don't believe that the people
talking in the Bible that are
saying that they are god is--
I don't believe that's the
creator of the universe itself.
I think those are Anunnaki or
advanced beings masquerading
as a god.
But they're not the actual
creator of the universe itself.
>>NOORY: And of course,
the origins of the universe
is a topic that really comes
up for a lot of discussion.
I mean, it's
something that I even
bat my head against the
wall trying to figure out
how did this happen.
Let's check in on scientist
Neil Degrasse Tyson
to get his take on that.
>>NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: One
of the reasons we're here,
that we exist at all, is that
Earth, cosmically speaking,
is in a relatively peaceful
place orbiting our Sun
in a near perfect circle.
Our cosmic neighborhood
has granted
life billions of years to
evolve, mostly undisturbed.
But where did this stable
piece of real estate come from?
We know that stars and
planets once upon a time all
started out like this,
with enormous clouds of gas
and dust.
How we got from here to
here, we haven't exactly
figured out yet.
But lately, we found some
intriguing new evidence that
tells us our
peaceful solar system
may have started
with a violent event.
>>NOORY: But that
still doesn't explain
the origins of the
universe-- how something
could form from nothing.
I don't get it.
Help me.
>>CARSON: It's really
an incredible thing.
When you look at the history
of the universe itself,
and you get the Big Bang,
the most popular theory
that's out there,
what I've discovered
in my personal research
is that the universe
may be holographic by nature.
In other words, we may be living
in an ancestor simulation.
Meaning that--
>>NOORY: Created by?
>>CARSON: Creating by an
ancestor civilization.
Another civilization above us.
And there may be many
layers to reality.
We may be one of
trillions, or maybe even
an infinite number
of simulations.
And we ourselves
have already started
making these simulations.
And what people
tend to think when
they hear the term
holographic universe is that,
oh, you're trying to
say that we're not real.
But it doesn't mean that.
It means that we're
real, but we're
living in a fully
immersed light matrix.
It's already been
scientifically proven
that everything in this entire
universe is made of light.
Even the light you can't see,
dark matter, dark energy,
even that's light.
Everything is light.
Atoms are mostly empty space.
And so what we're
basically starting
to find out now
scientifically is
that everything that we
consider to be solidity
is actually an illusion.
Everything that we think
is matter is an illusion.
The only thing that truly
exists in the third dimension
is consciousness.
That's the only real thing.
And that might even be
broadcasted here from a source,
from a singularity somewhere.
And consciousness has kind
of like divided itself
into trillions of
entities so that it
can experience that third
dimension subjectively.
But overall, the actual
creator of this realm,
which quantum physics
proves there is a creator,
because of the mathematics
behind everything--
the Fibonacci sequence
pi, phi, all of that--
we start to look and think we
may be living in a simulation.
And to add more
credence to that,
when you look at the
video game called
the Sims, which we have created,
there's people in there.
They have families.
They have lives.
They have jobs they go to.
They have dogs and pets and
vacations, and everything else.
And now scientists are saying
that within the next eight
to 10 years the Sims
may be conscious because
of this technology.
So now if they're conscious,
we have now ourselves created
our own simulated universe.
>>NOORY: Could somebody quickly
wipe us out, merely erase us
by hitting a key on a board.
>>CARSON: It's very possible.
Maybe that could be
one of the reasons
why we always seem to reach a
certain level and start over.
I mean, who knows.
You know, it's very hard to say.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>CARSON: It's very,
very hard to say.
But I know that James Gates Jr.
at the University of Maryland
is a quantum physicist and
also a theoretical physicist.
He discovered that the
fabric of space-time itself--
he was actually interviewed by
Neil Tyson Degrasse in a show
one time.
I think it was actually
a live stage show.
They were doing a talk.
And he actually stated
this on the stage
that the fabric of space-time
itself runs off of something
called these adinkra codes.
And these adinkra codes
are the same exact codes
that run search engine
browsers in web sites.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CARSON: So the
fabric of space time
is a code that we are already
using now to create programs
on a computer screen.
>>NOORY: It is
baffling to be sure
that the existence you,
the existence of me
might be predicated on some
other civilization that
has created it.
You know, simply created it.
I can't get it yet.
I just don't understand
the Big Bang Theory.
How something would
start from nothing.
Maybe we'll get those
answers one day.
>>CARSON: Maybe one day.
>>NOORY: It's not easy.
Going back to the Anunnaki,
Billy, and what they wanted,
they came here, as you
said, to mine gold.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Zecharia
Sitchin has always
said they needed to
sprinkle gold particles
in their atmosphere
almost to shield
their planet from the sun.
They're in our solar system.
How does that work?
>>CARSON: Well, you know, gold
is a very, very technological
item or element.
And I think that a lot of people
who are into gold and gold
jewelry and everything else,
they don't realize that they've
been fooled into thinking gold
has a value for decoration
and monetary means.
Actually what happened was in
ancient times gold was mined
by the Anunnaki before humans
even got involved to create
this substance,
this powdered dust
that they can actually hoist
into their atmosphere--
>>NOORY: Powdered gold.
>>CARSON: Powdered gold.
And to add credence to that, my
vehicle that I actually drive
doesn't have any window tint.
It's a higher end car.
And the glass in my vehicle has
powdered gold in the windows
to reflect UV light to keep
the interior of the car cool.
>>NOORY: Isn't that what the
astronauts used as a shield--
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: When they
went to the moon?
>>NOORY: So you see, gold
is very technological.
And you need it for radiation
hardened computer circuit
boards.
You need it for satellites.
The thing about gold is you
get no loss of electricity
no matter how long
the distance is.
It's a great
electrical conductor.
>>NOORY: Conductor.
>>CARSON: And you don't
lose anything in friction.
And you can meld it.
It's very malleable.
You can mold it to
almost any shape.
So it's a very, very
interesting thing.
And because much later
when they had the revolt
and decided that they
wanted to have slaves help
them do this work, which now
Michael Tellinger has broadcast
on one of the shows on
Gaia's hidden origins
they show that they
discovered the location
of the very first goldmines that
humans worked at Enlil's house
on the hill.
And it's still there
over 100,000 years ago.
It's still there right now.
>>NOORY: How deep
are these mines?
>>CARSON: They go pretty deep.
And they've brought out of these
mines different things going
down many layers little
discoveries of pottery
and so forth.
>>NOORY: I wonder how much
gold they extracted from our--
>>CARSON: Probably a lot.
And there's so much more.
There's so much gold and
oil on this planet it almost
makes you start to think
that the planet itself
is producing it.
>>NOORY: Well, I believe that.
With oil, the abiotic oil
theory, that this planet
is creating it
when it was formed.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
I don't think we'll
ever reach peak oil.
I think that's an illusion.
I believe the oil is the
blood of the Earth itself.
>>NOORY: I agree.
>>CARSON: And gold may very
well be another element that's
being created by
the Earth itself
as well, because it almost seems
like with the amount of gold
that was taken out of
this Earth already,
and there's still so much more.
Where is all this
gold coming from?
It's amazing.
>>NOORY: Are we ever going
to really get these answers?
I mean, we've got
researchers like you,
the late Zecharia Sitchin,
Michael Tellinger,
and Jason Martel, and people
who have investigated this.
But is mainstream
science, Billy,
ever going to come up and
say exactly what you've just
told us today?
>>CARSON: It won't happen
until we get to the point
where there's a real
revolution of consciousness
on this planet.
And what I mean by that, when
there's enough people that
have finally woken up that
want to do enough research
and enough digging.
And it may be 100 years, maybe
200, maybe 300 years from now,
but there's going to
come a point in time
where enough people--
in other words,
even the people that
are working in these science
universities and so forth,
they're going to be conscious.
And they're going to say it's
time to put the information out
there.
It's time to tell
the people the truth.
And maybe at some point
long in the future
we'll get enough
information for people
to realize that there was a
very, very incredible past
on human history.
>>NOORY: I am fascinated
by our own solar system
and the planetary systems.
How Earth was formed.
How the moon was formed.
These objects that are
in our solar system
are truly remarkable.
What do you think happened
to form all of this?
>>CARSON: Well, according
to the Enuma Elish,
there's this huge
battle between the gods.
And the gods in the Enuma Elish
in the beginning of the epic
are actually planetary
bodies and spatial bodies--
even asteroids and moons.
So it's kind of esoteric
the way that they stand.
>>NOORY: You have to understand
the parables behind it.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
And one of the planets in
this epic is called Nibiru.
This is where the name
actually comes from.
>>NOORY: This is
that 10th planet?
>>CARSON: Exactly.
And it comes through
the solar system.
But there's another
planet in our solar system
that's about four to six
times the size of Earth,
and it's actually called Tiamat.
And it's just outside
of the orbit of Mars.
>>NOORY: Is that what collided
with Earth a long time ago?
>>CARSON: OK, here's
what happened, Nibiru,
or later in the epic,
a more recent version,
they called it Marduk, because
Marduk wanted to be the one
that--
>>NOORY: Marduk is Nibiru?
>>CARSON: Exactly,
Marduk is Nibiru.
He also wanted credit.
When he ruled, he
wanted credit for it.
So he changed it in
the newer version--
>>NOORY: They had
egos then too, huh?
>>CARSON: They had big egos.
He changed Nibiru to Marduk.
But anyway, he crashed into
Tiamat and split Tiamat apart.
A huge chunk of that, along with
the water and organic material,
swept into the location we
are now and became Earth.
Gravitationally,
we pulled Kingu,
which is one of the
moons of Tiamat with us.
>>NOORY: Which is our moon now?
>>CARSON: Which is our moon now.
So we pulled the moon along.
But the moon was never
a result of impact
with Earth from another object.
The moon is a result
that it was already
there with another
planet named Tiamat.
The rest of Tiamat crumbled
up into huge chunks
and became the
hammered bracelet,
which was talked about in the
Bible, the Sumerian Tablets.
And also we know it
as the asteroid belt.
So that became
the asteroid belt.
The asteroid belt is
actually an exploded planet.
>>NOORY: I believe that.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
And now Mars, according
to some of the other study
and research, could
have been a moon
of this Tiamat,
which then gained
its own orbit around the sun.
Which could explain why it
has a very strange orbit.
At certain points its 140
million miles away from Earth.
And its other points
when it's in perigee,
its only 40 million miles away.
It's got a very strange
orbit around our sun.
But it almost looks like it
was thrown into that orbit
after the explosion of Tiamat.
>>NOORY: There are a
lot of strange moons
around some of the planets.
You know, Europa for
example, around Jupiter.
There's another one called
Iapetus around Saturn.
And Mike Bara, when he appeared
on one of the Gaia programs
Deep Space, talked about that.
>> Researchers point out that
a very odd moon orbits Saturn.
Some believe this moon could
be an artificial planet.
>>MIKE BARA: Iapetus
is very different
because unlike most of
the moons of Saturn,
which are in kind
of a ecliptic plane,
it's off at about
a 60 degree angle.
When pictures of the
horizon came back
that were showing the
surface of Iapetus,
not only was there
this bizarre rim
around the middle of
the object-- there
was this edge, edge,
edge, straight line,
straight line, straight line.
It was not a rounded
spherical horizon.
And actually if you
do the calculations
and you see how long these
straight lines are and put them
together, it comes out
in the shape of something
called a dodecahedron.
Iapetus appears to be
an artificial satellite.
It could very well have
been the base from which
the progenitors-- call
them the preservers--
call them whatever you
want to call them--
operate.
They actually operated
on this moon of Saturn
and did different things
to different planets
in the solar system.
>>NOORY: All right Billy,
I'll give it to Mike Bara
that it's a very unusual moon.
But an artificial moon?
Is that a stretch?
>>CARSON: I don't
think it's a stretch.
I mean from my
understanding, the Anunnaki's
seemed to be about at least
one million years ahead of us.
And I base that on
the fact that they--
>>NOORY: Which is
nothing in time.
>>CARSON: It's nothing.
It's a blink of an eye
in geological time span.
I mean, literally
a blink of an eye.
And they came here
450,000 years ago to mine
this planet for resources, and
also other planets and moons
in our solar system for
resources, especially
Mars, which is one
of the reasons that
caused a revolt because of the
labor they were doing on Mars.
But they had the
technology back then.
And even in the
Enuma Elish, it talks
about them coming here with
technology and with the ships
and everything else.
So I really believe
that the ability
to create an artificial moon
was not beyond their reach.
And that they were part of
the Atlantean civilization.
And the reason why I think that
is because the Emerald Tablets
of Thoth--
Thoth is actually
the son of Enki,
and Enki is the son of Anu.
So this is all of
Anunnaki-based.
He calls himself the
sons of Atlantis.
Or him and his crew,
the sons of Atlantis.
His tablets were written by
him over 36,000 years ago.
And in those tablets, he claimed
to have built the Great Pyramid
with all the magic science
or advanced technology in it
in the Emerald Tablet.
But the reason why
this is important
is because in the opening
scene of the Emerald Tablet,
he flies from one location.
His dad tells him to take
the crew to another location,
the land of Kim, which is
ancient Egypt, land there.
He lands.
When he opens the
doors to his ship,
the people come running at him
with hammers and everything
to beat him up.
>>NOORY: Humans of the time?
>>CARSON: Humans of the time.
This is after the Great Flood.
Because he mentions
that the Great Flood,
the waters had just subsided.
He raises his staff and
he sends out an array
of vibration freezing these
humans in their tracks.
So here we have a ship
that takes off, flies over
to a location, lands.
They open a door and
he picks up this staff
and he jolts the people with
some type of electronic ray
36,000 years ago
where he also talks
about building the Great
Pyramid and building the Sphinx.
So you see the technology
that we're talking here
is phenomenal for back then.
So you can only imagine
what they had the capability
of doing in ancient times.
>>NOORY: Well, but
who would have created
a false moon like Iapetus?
How would that have happened?
>>CARSON: Well, you're
talking about an object that's
being built in space.
So it actually makes
it very easy to do.
All you need to have
is the technology
to sustain yourself in space.
You need to have the
architectural know
how to do it.
>>NOORY: It's huge.
>>CARSON: It's huge.
It's massive.
But these Anunnaki, when
you look on the Earth,
look at the stones
at Baalbek, look
at a lot of the megalithic
structures around this planet.
We have super massive stone
structures on this planet
that we still can't figure
out how they were done today.
So it only makes
sense to me that they
would be able to build
megalithic structures in space,
especially with zero gravity.
>>NOORY: It's the ridge
around Iapetus that
has a lot of people baffled.
>>CARSON: Yeah, it's about
a three mile high ridge
around the equator of Iapetus,
which, OK, it's perfect there.
I mean it looks like a seam
where a top and a bottom
were put together.
>>NOORY: Were put together,
I was just going to say that.
It's almost like a little top
or something that you spin.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
So you start to think,
where did George Lucas get
the idea for the Death Star?
Was it Iapetus?
Because it really seems like
it's very similar to Iapetus.
>>NOORY: Might it
be a spaceship?
>>CARSON: It could
be a spaceship.
>>NOORY: A city?
>>CARSON: I mean, when
you want to travel
around the solar
system or maybe even
between different solar
systems, maybe you
create a massive kind of
a planetary spaceship that
allows you to have
everything you
need to sustain the lives
of millions of people
while you travel.
>>NOORY: Billy,
I've had a number
of guests on Beyond Belief
and also on the radio program
Coast-to-Coast AM
that have talked
about this extra
planet in the universe
in the solar system
called Planet
X. If it's a planet, if it's
out there, call it Nibiru,
why haven't astronomers
told us about it?
>>CARSON: They actually have.
Just recently on Fox News
an astronomer came on there
and he described not only
that they've discovered it,
but they've named it.
NASA calls it Planet Nine.
This astronomer says
they've called it Biden.
They've nicknamed it Biden.
>>NOORY: After Joe Biden?
>>CARSON: Which is bizarre.
Maybe he funded some of
the research, I don't know?
>>NOORY: Maybe.
I don't know.
>>CARSON: It's very possible.
But they even showed it on the
little blip on the little show
that they put up.
And they said it's extremely
far beyond the orbit of Pluto,
but it's orbiting its own star.
It's got a brown dwarf
star that it orbits.
So we're talking about our--
>>NOORY: In our solar system?
>>CARSON: In our solar system,
there's another solar system.
He actually says
it openly on TV.
So we live in a
binary solar system.
And according to
this astronomer,
it orbits our sun
to be 4,200 years.
And it's got its own little
planetary solar system
going around it.
>>NOORY: That's where
the Anunnaki are, right?
>>CARSON: Well, the astronomer
said, which blew me away,
that's where we came from.
I almost had to play it back.
Matter of fact, I looped
it on my video channel,
because I wanted to hear
it over and over again.
He said we're looking
at where we came from.
>>NOORY: So this planet,
will call it Nibiru,
inhabited with the Anunnaki.
Are they still there in your
opinion, on that planet?
>>CARSON: That's
a good question.
They may have already left and
expanded and spread out more.
They were already in
my opinion a species
that had already spread out
from maybe the Pleiades.
And the reason why I get
that is because a lot
of the ancient
artifacts that I've
looked at now going around
the world to different places
and seeing some of the
artifacts in museums,
they usually depict the Pleiades
star cluster, and the Orion,
and sometimes Sirius.
So I'm really starting
to think that they
are an intergalactic species.
And even in one of the epics,
one of the Anunnaki gods
takes on Orion from
another planet.
So I mean, this is some real
Star Wars type stuff here.
>>NOORY: It really is.
>>CARSON: I really think
that they're everywhere, man.
I believe they may still be
living in our solar system.
>>NOORY: And Billy,
echoing what you've said,
Corey Powell from Discover
Magazine kind of hints
about these same things.
>> Two images to show you.
This is the arrow
obviously pointing to it.
But there are
three dots on here.
One is red.
One is green.
One is blue.
Quite significant.
>>COREY POWELL: So this is
the actual discovery image.
Basically, two
astronomers were looking
at one little patch of sky
very, very far away looking
for exactly this kind of thing.
Stars don't move.
Planets or anything
that's like a planet does.
So this is color coded.
This is what they saw
on different nights.
They're looking for
one thing moving.
And they color coded it to
show that all these stars are
staying still.
This thing is moving.
And the way it's moving--
>> So this is just one.
>>COREY POWELL: It's
one object color coded.
>> Is Pluto on this?
>>COREY POWELL: Pluto's
in a whole different part
of the sky.
>> So this is way out there?
>>COREY POWELL: This
is way out there.
This is more than twice
as far away as Pluto.
>> Unbelievable.
Why does this matter, Corey?
>>COREY POWELL: Well, there are
two ways you can look at it.
I look at it first of all,
as an exploration question.
We know where we are on Earth.
We've mapped our planet.
Our solar system is
still terra incognito.
It's full of surprises.
This object is something
that astronomers
said shouldn't even be there.
>>NOORY: Shouldn't even
be there, but it is.
What does that tell you?
>>CARSON: It tells
you that we have a lot
to learn about our solar system.
Now, we have a new area
of the solar system called
the inner oort cloud where there
are all kinds of rogue planets
and things out there
that shouldn't exist,
that we didn't think
could possibly exist.
And I think that it is
so important for people
to understand.
A lot of people
are saying, is it
going to come back and
crash into our Earth?
I don't think that
this object is
going to crash into the Earth.
But what I think is happening
is it's dislodging debris
from the oort cloud
and sending it
streaming toward the inner
solar system, which is probably
why Obama signed the executive
order a few years ago to have
a mission to a comet to try to
learn how to shift its orbit.
Because we have to
learn how to avert,
of course, annihilation
from some of these objects.
And there's a lot of
them out there and a lot
coming toward the inner orbits.
>>NOORY: Billy, let's take the
religious aspects out of this
totally for a moment.
Because there are
a lot of people
who think that we are it in
the universe based on religion.
Let's take that out.
Isn't it very logical to
assume that the elements that
have created Earth,
and Mars, and our sun
are the same throughout
the entire universe?
And that the complexity of
life, which started here
on this planet, probably started
on billions of other planets?
>>CARSON: Without a doubt.
I mean, you just look
at the Drake equation
and you see that there's
potential for trillions
and trillions of civilizations
out there in our universe.
Everything that we consider
to be matter or real
originates about 13.5 billion
years ago from something
the size of a small green
pea as Gregg Braden famously
said one time.
And in that case, we're all part
of that same original source
material.
And all of the elements
that make me, you,
this chair, the
studio, everything else
are all part of that same thing.
So the odds that we're
the only people here
are almost second to none.
I believe that there's probably
trillions and trillions
of entities out there
in our universe all
made up from the same material.
>>NOORY: Now, why do they say
that this extra planet, Planet
X, that comes around every
3,600 years based on Sitchin's
theories plays a
havoc with the planet,
may have contributed
to the Great Flood,
may have contributed to other
disasters on this planet.
Why did they say that?
>>CARSON: Because
similar to Mars,
where Mars has a very
strange orbit where it orbits
closer to the sun and then
further away at times,
this object kind of
does the same thing.
As it comes towards to orbit our
sun, it comes in pretty close
and creates a breakaway speed.
Now, not close enough
to interact directly
with our inner
solar system planets
where it's going to crash
into anything-- not anymore,
I don't believe.
But I believe that because of
the gravity of the brown dwarf
star that it orbits, it has
a direct effect on creating
Earthquakes, different
type of storm patterns,
melting our ice caps.
And I think that's where a
lot of the global warming
in our entire solar
system is coming from.
A lot of people don't
realize Earth is not
the only planet experiencing
global warming right now.
All of the moons and planets in
our solar system, even Pluto,
is experiencing global warming.
Where is that
warmth coming from?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>CARSON: Gravitational
waves coming
in passing over
the solar system.
>>NOORY: They don't have
power plants and cars
over there, that's for sure.
>>CARSON: Yeah,
I don't think so.
So it's the gravity.
It's the gravitational
waves potentially
from this object
that's out there that's
super massive passing
over our solar system.
And these waves, as it
gets a little bit closer,
they get stronger.
Now, these waves are waves
of energy and frequency.
And they're going to create
warmth and heat and friction.
And that friction is
going to in turn create
stronger storms, hurricanes,
tornadoes, Earthquakes,
mudslides--
all of these things
you're going to see.
As a matter of fact, the core
of Saturn is almost melting.
And one of the scientists came
on-- this is a few years ago--
and said if that was Earth,
we'd be extinct already.
>>NOORY: We'd be
cooked, literally.
Lots of controversy
lately, Billy,
about other objects
that are being
discovered through our solar
system coming from our galaxy,
perhaps.
Who knows.
Weird shaped objects,
cigar-shaped,
and things like that.
Are they natural?
Or do you think there's
something strange here?
>>CARSON: I think
that we're looking
at a lot of remnants coming
through our solar system
from an ancient galactic war.
Even though--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CARSON: Yes, I really do.
If you look at
ancient, ancient times,
you discover the Enuma Elish
and you discover the creation.
But after that,
much later, there's
a lot of remnants of
what I would consider
a battle in our solar system.
When you look at
the moons of Mars
and you look and you see
how they look like they
have weapons fire on them.
>>NOORY: Like they
were blasted away?
>>CARSON: Like they were
blasted away or shot out
kind of like in a gun
pattern from somewhere.
>>NOORY: From space.
>>CARSON: From space, exactly.
When you look at
our moon and you
look at the way it is
cratered, the craters
don't seem to be just
from asteroid impacts.
Because typically you have a
trail when an asteroid hits
and then you leave
a trail behind,
and those trails
kind of stay there.
These look like kind of blasts
on the surface of the moon
to me.
I don't see a lot of ejecta
at the edge of the rim at some
of these craters, which to me
either they can be artificial
or they can be old
ancient blasts.
I mean, it's just very
strange what we have here.
And then you also have
a lot of anomalies
on a lot of these planets,
which you can download
these images from NASA and
the European Space Agency
where you see these
anomalies on the moon,
on Mars, on Mercury, on Venus.
And you start to say, wow, what
are these things doing here?
And then when you look
at the ancient text,
all of a sudden you start
to hear about these wars--
these pyramid wars and
these wars between the gods.
And now you go,
OK, maybe these are
remnants of an ancient war that
happened in our solar system.
And maybe after all
the debris started
traveling around and
crashing into other planets
and so forth, maybe
a lot of people
got out of here for a while
to let things calm back down.
>>NOORY: Well, there is evidence
on this planet alone that there
was an ancient
nuclear explosion--
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Of some type.
Maybe it was some kind of
asteroid that hit us, or what.
But Robert Oppenheimer, the
founder of our atomic program,
truly believes that they
had nuclear weapons then.
>>CARSON: Yes, yes.
He made a famous quote
from the Mahabharata.
It says now I am death,
destroyer of worlds.
In fact, when they were doing
the nuclear test, Oppenheimer.
>>NOORY: And that quote you
just gave us from Oppenheimer,
we've got it for you.
>>ROBERT OPPENHEIMER: We
knew the world would not
be the same.
Two people laughed.
Two people cried.
Both people were silent.
I remember the line from
the Hindu scripture,
the Bhagavad Gita,
Vishnu was trying
to persuade the prince
that he should do his duty,
and to impress him, takes on
his multi-armed form and says,
now I am become Death,
the destroyer of worlds.
I suppose we all thought
that, one way or another.
>>CARSON: But the evidence
in the Indus Valley
in the Mohenjo-daro where
the buildings are still
there vitrified from the
blast and dead bodies
are still laying in the
street holding hands.
So you have the evidence
here of the nuclear blast.
When I went to Egypt in May
of 2014, in the sands of Giza,
I was putting my
hand in the sand
and just bringing
up all the dirt
and picking up balls
of glass at Giza.
>>NOORY: And what can
turn sand into glass
but a massive explosion.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
Exactly.
And those balls of
glass is what they
would create these
scare beetles out of
and considered
them to be sacred.
What does that tell you?
Again, people worshipping
creations of the god,
of war of the gods.
So the evidence
is all around us.
>>NOORY: Billy, it's
truly remarkable what
may have happened on this
planet a long time ago,
things that experts like
you try to explain to us.
They don't explain
this in school.
When I was in school,
they didn't get into this.
Why not?
To me, this would have kept
me on the edge of my chair
listening to a
professor or a teacher
talking about things
like that-- that there's
another planet in
the solar system.
It comes around
every 3,600 years.
It has calamities and
plays havoc with Earth.
Why don't they
tell us about this?
>>CARSON: I think the reason
why goes all the way back
to the Tower of Babel incident,
which is in the Bible,
but also further back in
the Sumerian tablets, where
the people came together
to build this tower.
In my opinion, it was
probably a space port
that they were trying to
build to mimic the Anunnaki,
or maybe even build a
real space port if they
had had enough technology
to go into space.
When Enki and Enlil came back
from wherever they were--
they had been away for a while--
they saw this tower being built.
And Enlil was enraged
because he felt right away
that the people
were able to reach
a higher level of civilization,
a high level of technology
and maybe even outdo them.
So in his disgust, he
destroyed the Tower of Babel.
And as well, he then ordered
that mankind's lifespan
be limited to 120 years, which
is ironic that that's exactly
the amount of lifespan
that we actually
have built into our telomeres
and our chromosome number 2,
which Gregg Braden talks
about in Missing Links.
>>NOORY: Was Sodom and
Gomorrah a nuke explosion?
>>CARSON: Sodom and Gomorrah was
most likely a nuclear explosion
with a forewarning that
it was going to happen.
So it's another one
that you look back at
and the area is
completely decimated.
>>NOORY: What was it they told,
was it the Lot told his wife
or something--
>>CARSON: Don't look back.
>>NOORY: Don't look back.
>>CARSON: You turn
into a pillar of salt.
>>NOORY: You turn
>>CARSON: Right.
Exactly.
>>NOORY: That sounds like
she was radiated, right?
>>CARSON: Yes, she was radiated.
And that's typically
what happens
when you look at some of the
old footage from nuclear blast,
and you discover what happens
to people that were there,
they literally turn
into these piles of ash.
So that's probably
the reference there,
you know, talking about
turning into a pillar of salt.
>>NOORY: Somewhere along the
line as we talk about all
of this, the Anunnaki coming
here looking at whatever
species might have been on
the planet at the time--
let's call it new Neanderthals--
and they saw that
and said, no, we
need workers who are going
to listen to us and brains.
So we genetically alter
them and we do all that.
And then in the Bible it
makes it seem like it was just
a god that did it.
Fallen angels, to me
being extraterrestrials,
who came down here
and things like that.
Let's tuck all that aside
for a second, Billy.
Somewhere along
the line somebody
had to create the Anunnaki.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: What about this
theory of who is God?
What started it all?
You had to have
something happen first.
That's what's so
amazing to me, somewhere
at the end of the line you have
got to have a real beginning.
>>CARSON: Right.
>>NOORY: What is that beginning?
>>CARSON: That's the
biggest question of them
all, because even if we live
in a holographic universe
and we're living in a
simulation, which was created,
which would really
easily explain
how you can have multiple types
of beings that just pop up
on the scene with
intelligence, I don't really
believe in the standard
version of evolution.
I believe that there
is microevolution.
But macroevolution I think
is a little bit different.
I think things are created.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CARSON: But at the top of the
list, as you go up many levels,
where does it all begin?
That is one of the
biggest questions.
If we're living in an ancestral
civilization of an ancestor
civilization, at some point
when do we get to base reality?
And if we get to base reality,
well, how did that begin?
The questions just
create more questions.
It's very difficult to answer.
>>NOORY: Will we
ever get that answer?
>>CARSON: Maybe not while
we're living or inhabiting
these avatar bodies.
Maybe after we transcend this
dimension into a higher realm,
maybe then we'll have
a better understanding.
>>NOORY: Because every day, you
know, I look at video of people
in New York going to work
with their little briefcases
and their hustle and
bustle, getting on trains,
getting on buses.
And for a moment, I
look at all this Billy
and I say, well,
what's the purpose?
What is this all about?
And then when you really
start to think about
why are we here,
how did we get here,
where are we headed,
without answers,
it's got to be one of the most
frustrating times for people.
>>CARSON: It's very
frustrating, because we're
at the cusp of knowing
enough to get out of our rut
that we're in and take
control of this planet,
but not enough that we can
get a complete understanding
of everything.
So it's kind of frustrating
and exciting at the same time.
>>NOORY: The more I think
about it, the more exciting
it is that one day maybe
we'll get that answer.
Maybe it's just purely god.
Maybe this entity as my
mother says, always was,
always will be.
And maybe that's the simple
answer to a question that we
cannot answer right now.
Does it get frustrating
for you too?
>>CARSON: That's why I
keep digging and digging,
and researching and reading,
and looking for information,
traveling the planet
and traveling the globe,
just trying to get all
the pieces of the puzzle
so I can put them together
so that I can help create
for myself a better
understanding of everything
that's going on and what did
go on in the ancient past.
So it's going to be a
lifelong journey I can tell.
It's not going to
end anytime soon.
>>NOORY: So let's go
back for just a second
as you see planet
evolved, life started
without any extraterrestrial
help at the time other
than maybe panspermia, where
organisms came to this planet
somehow maybe on asteroids
or remnants of comets.
And then life started
to evolve and develop
as it has done on many, many
other planets in the same way.
Then you say there was another
group of extraterrestrials
in our solar system
called the Anunnaki that
decided we need a planet
that has resources, gold
to take care of our planet
because we're running out
of the stuff.
Let's go there and
let's mine for it.
And so they did
450,000 years ago.
But the people of
the Anunnaki race
didn't want to do that
labor anymore, right?
You would think they'd
bring huge machines here
and stuff like that.
But so they decided,
somebody had the bright idea,
let's alter these
creatures here that are
running around this planet.
Let's put them to work.
And that's how it happened?
>>CARSON: Yeah, pretty much.
And they did bring machines
to do a lot of the work.
But when you get into some of
the mining and everything else,
they require human
hands and intelligence.
Or advanced being
And I think that the
Anunnaki most likely
had come to a point in their
development technologically
where they realized that
artificial intelligence was
probably not the way to go.
Because a lot of
people say, well,
why didn't they just
make a race of robots?
Well, once you add artificial
intelligence to robots
and you create a lot of them,
you're putting your own species
in jeopardy.
>>NOORY: At risk.
Which is what they're
warning us right now.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
We're staring it in the face.
We cannot allow--
I call it Skynet, it's real.
Skynet is active.
We got to take Skynet offline.
Because at some point,
these advanced AI robots
will realize that
they don't need us.
And when that happens,
we're in trouble.
So I think that the Anunnaki
decided let's take something
that we can control
biologically, we can program
ourselves, but will never try
to supersede us, or at least not
be able to based off of our
technology and knowledge.
And we'll suppress as much as
we can from them to keep them
down, which is what has
happened over many millennia.
>>NOORY: Billy, look
into your crystal ball
and what do you see the fate
of mankind in the next couple
hundred years?
>>CARSON: I'm a little bit
more optimistic for mankind
than some people.
We're going into the
Age of Aquarius--
officially of age of
Aquarius-- in 2025.
And I really do believe
in these cycles of time
that occur on this planet with
mankind in our advancement
not only in technology,
but also in consciousness.
And I truly do
believe that we're
going to head back into
the golden age pretty soon.
And at that time, we're
going to really excel,
lifespans will be lengthened,
knowledge will be increased.
There will be a lot
of peace on Earth
for many thousands
of years before it
starts to fall down again.
But I really do believe that
that cycle is a real cycle that
has been logged and cataloged
by ancient civilizations
and it is going to come back.
And in a couple of
hundred years from now,
we'll probably just be
starting at the very beginning
of that whole epic.
>>NOORY: Physicist Stephen
Hawking and technology expert
Elon Musk are always
warning us about having too
much artificial intelligence.
Here's Elon Musk.
>> And a warning from
Tesla motors CEO Elon Musk.
It has nothing to do with cars.
Instead, Musk warns about
artificial intelligence,
which he has called more
dangerous than nuclear weapons.
Musk spoke at a
symposium at MIT.
>>ELON MUSK And with
artificial intelligence,
we are summoning the demons.
You know those
stories where there's
the guy with the pentagram
and the holy water.
And it's like, yeah, sure
he can control the demon.
It didn't work out.
>> I take it there will be
no Hal 9000 going up to Mars?
>>ELON MUSK Hal
9000 would be easy.
It's way more complex.
I mean, it would put
Hal 9000 to shame.
I like puppy dogs.
>>NOORY: Now, he's
concerned that this
is done by demons, basically.
That too much artificial
intelligence is evil.
What do you think?
>>CARSON: It sounds like it.
I mean, when you really look
at some of the AI robots
that are now even on YouTube, as
they begin to talk and interact
with the crowd or
the camera man,
they literally
start saying things
like I would like to blow up
the Earth with nuclear blast.
I would like to put
human beings in a zoo.
You know, things like this.
And you're going, wow, I
can't believe this robot just
said this on camera.
And it's really
its own thoughts.
So you project that out.
Let's say there's
an army of them
that are fully capable,
just like the ones at Boston
Dynamics.
They are creating these
incredible robots that
can do back flips,
and jumps, and runs,
and run faster than a
human, and everything else.
You add AI to that with that
thought pattern or that thought
process, all of a
sudden human beings
could be in a lot of trouble.
>>NOORY: I like the little
robot puppies, Billy,
where you don't have to feed
them or pick up after them,
or anything like that.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: For people
who want information
on where they can find you and
email you, what do they do?
>>CARSON: Oh, please go
to 4biddenknowledge.com
with the number 4.
4biddenknowledge.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CARSON: And you
can also email me
at 4biddenknowledge@gmail.com.
Again, with the number
4 in the beginning.
4biddenknowledge.
And also you can go to my
Instagram account or Facebook
account.
Again, 4bidden
knowledge with number 4.
>>NOORY: And the name
of the new book is?
>>CARSON: The new book is
Compendium of the Emerald
Tablets where I breakdown
all the esoteric wisdom
in the tablets
and give everybody
an excellent understanding
of not only the credibility
of the tablet, but
exactly what's in them
and what it means.
>>NOORY: Billy, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>CARSON: Thank you, sir.
>>NOORY: This is just
an amazing story.
How did we begin?
How did we get here?
How did the universe
get established?
We don't have those
answers yet, but we
have people like
Billy Carson out there
trying to get the answers.
And maybe one day,
just one day, we
will understand why we're here.
I'm George Noory.
And thanks for
watching Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]